the financial crisis part two is upon us
you've heard it all before but in this
video I'm going to break it down right
here right now you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you you
Remember The Big Short you remember the
financial Wizardry that they created all
these things out of thin air made them
worth billions of dollars put that AAA
stamp on it and sold it to people until
a domino fell and one by one they all
went down well it's going on again today
right above my head right here you are
seeing what is
2025 and that will be the forecast if
you look all the way up at the top to
exceed what we saw during the financial
crisis of all of these different types
of they call them assets and that's why
I'm struggling to speak you could see
collateralized loan obligations
commercial mortgage back Securities
Residential Mortgage back Securities
asset back security all of them making
up what will be this idea that we can
make more we can get more we can do more
with the same amount or even less right
it's a derivative you don't need to have
the real thing you just water it down
why not that's what these are I
discussed them in detail in my first
book I discussed them again in my second
book and I've basically been doing so
since 2011 you get the point what I'm
trying to share with you today is that
this is just the tip of the iceberg just
because they're creating more Clos and
cdos and CDO squares and CDL cubes and
every other letter letter of the
alphabet doesn't mean that it crashes
tomorrow doesn't mean that there's a
financial crisis tomorrow you have a lot
of stupid commenters who will say
something like this a broken clock isah
that you know we have enough chickens
and turkeys and and uh roosters around
we don't need that type of clucking okay
what you need to know is the real deal
and so what I'm going to show you here
okay Jeremy Grandam he's on meltdown is
coming for US Stocks well he's been
saying that quite a while right you
would agree with that but then at the
other end you have Warren Buffett he's
not saying anything but quietly he is
collecting more cash why cash so people
would think why is he this guy have $300
billion of cash doesn't make any sense
well he's going to put that into Cash
which really means uh a cash type asset
which would be something that would earn
him let's say 4% so he's willing to earn
that 4% rule number one never lose money
that's his strategy is it the best
strategy I don't know you look at the
guy's track record does pretty good he
is only willing to buy a lot when there
is blood on the street when everybody
lost faith during the financial crisis
and all these mortgage back Securities
and everything he was looking at all
these different companies they were
approaching warrant and Buffet why they
couldn't go to the banks the banks were
in trouble T you had this tightening of
credit and they were say Warren Warren
please help us and he was saying okay
sure I'll buy you for this price no no
no not the price you think it's worth
there's no banks willing to loan I'll
buy it for this price and that's how he
amassed so much and did so well during
that time when everybody else was scared
and so maybe he's planning the same
thing again today h pending home sales
dropped to the lowest level on record in
Jan anuary connected with this jobless
claims spiking and a worrisome sign for
the US Labor Market gold has been rising
significantly in fact gold prices are
now up 50% over the last 14 months that
made another all-time high and it
continued to do so closing in on that
$3,000 Mark we'll see Gold's market cap
just hit2 trillion for the first time in
history now there's details of what's
going on here and you are seeing most
importantly physical precious metals in
super high demand normally when you have
the exchanges nobody's taking physical
possession okay it's just Futures these
are things paper garbage that are
getting moved around nobody's taking
physical possession except for now they
really want that physical so something
weird is going on okay all of this
continue with me as we move on into the
next part what does all this mean right
you're going to see some stats you're
going to see more data egg prices to
housing US inflation is heating up again
egg prices expected to rise more than
40% in 2025 oh yeah it might be for one
reason or another you could have some
flu you could have this or that okay
sure there there are issues but what
does it mean I don't care what's
happening like why is that happening I
care how much I have to pay for my food
for my energy and all these other things
that's all that matters to me I don't
know about you I know a lot of people
they just like to yell and scream at
their TV they like to do their tribal
dances and make sure that they're part
of the team but what does it really mean
for you when you have to go reach into
your wallet and pay that bill we are in
a world that most people 95% of people
are going to be in big trouble the 5%
that are awakened realize what's
happening they are already in motion
they're already moving and making the
right decisions which we'll talk about
later us consumer sentiment plunges over
tariff and inflation fears I would think
that the doesn't have uh much to worry
about people in the US in that respect
for tariffs um it's going to increase
costs but that's the expectation is that
you're going going to have to pay more
every single year for the foreseeable
future you got to be aware of that
Quantum Computing okay the developments
that are happening while you have people
you know struggling with the basics they
can't afford those eggs anymore or
instead of having the three eggs they're
having the two eggs or instead of two
they're having one and all these things
you have Quantum Computing Microsoft
deploys new state of matter in its first
Quantum Computing chip huge development
you had other companies Google Microsoft
Amazon are all doing this Quantum now
now there's different levels to the
quantum and everything um but all you
need to know for this is that there's
these massive developments inside of
technology that are happening today
which will make the current impossible
stuff possible and that's a whole Rabbit
Hole whatever but uh with AI with
automation robots the super fast
computers there are technologies that
need to go along with that how you could
potentially make money you're seeing
this right here which is just one
company of many that are making robots
some of them are doing tasks for the
home and that's their whole design is
like we're going to have these robots
for the home they're not going to be
used for Amazon they're not going to be
used outside in the real world they're
going to be in the home doing household
tasks this is big what do they need
right well they need AI they need some
chips they need sensors they need
cameras all of this technology is
something that doesn't basically doesn't
exist today in its form like the robots
like this so think about it if now
you're going to start putting these into
people's homes and they could be priced
at relatively decent price 20 30
$40,000 there are going to be many
people who don't buy just one they might
buy two two or three or four they might
start putting these into their homes
these companies are going to win big you
need all the technology that is
associated with this very important
stuff they know they don't need to be
the most advanced chips in the world but
they're still Advanced okay so which are
the companies the semiconductor
companies are doing it what kind of
elements minerals and everything go into
these robots and into these Technologies
that's going to be another important
thing to look at I to discuss that
in-depth on the finance Friday we we get
into that actually every week basically
we're going into that what are the
actual companies that are standing to
gain from this but there are many I mean
you could think about it and I have done
videos about it before be aware of this
and understand how much depth there is
to things that don't exist or like you
know they're kind of like in development
like with all this Quantum and the
robots and all this you know that's at a
state of nothingness right now and
imagine you start putting that into
everybody's home those who can afford it
and now we have a big change so what so
like there's there's two things
happening at the same time we've got
people who can't afford the basics and
then you've got a bunch of other people
that are doing very very well and those
are the ones who are going to be buying
all of this and investing in all of this
this is just another company doing the
same thing um I I would like you to know
a few things about that what can you do
as an individual you've got to get you
got to get aware of all these things
okay so you know if you're not part of
the finance Friday okay no no worries go
and take my free compass course Compass
is completely free 100% free all you
need to do go through that that gets
your foundation if you haven't read my
books that's why I created the course
because people Unfortunately they they
can't read right so uh that's the one
thing then you can look at things like
class Central that actually take courses
if you're interested in that you could
learn in my case what did I do I learned
how to do an online business I started
selling on Amazon then Tik Tok and
Walmart and all these other platforms so
I started to do that and then the next
thing oh apps learning how to build apps
okay so I have three ongoing projects
with apps did I know how to do that
before no I just had to learn I had to
adapt because I realized okay what if
this YouTube thing is not going to work
out pretty funny uh and then so yeah
clearly I made a good decision there to
to start selling physical products So
Physical products digital products those
are the other things so your con stantly
in the state of change don't think that
you can have a career for 50 years
anymore things are changing too rapidly
even myself look the YouTube it went up
to a certain level and you saw what
happened but in the meantime I was
already building from 2017 I started
getting into the Amazon field I made a
course for everybody to take uh back in
2019 and uh people didn't like it
unfortunately I tried to help but uh
that's the story so here we are you got
to adapt you got to change if you you
want to know like in a lot of depth and
actually me to to instruct you that's
what thei that's what the finance Friday
and the Sunday business classes are
about it's at the money gps.com
slive the money gps.com
slive where you can learn in depth about
these uh things but if you just want to
know some more I have videos tons and
tons of videos on my um YouTube you can
follow me on X as well at themoney GPS
I'm posting on there every single day
um don't don't stay still okay that
that's the message for you uh I Mentor
people uh in in real life as well as in
U you know over zoom and things but um I
tell every single person don't stay
still do not like you have to pretend
that there's a fire under your behind
because there really is it's the
inflationary Inferno and it is having an
impact on your life right now into the
future but if you're prepared and if you
take the right actions you're going to
be so much better off hit that Thumbs Up
Button really it does support uh what's
left of this Channel I want you to
Simply do what you have to do for
yourself and for your family and of
course I'll see you on the next one take
care